README.md, before:


## What is this?

A digital garden using a custom version of `simply-jekyll`, notenote.link's template, meewgumi's greenweb template, and optimised for integration with [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md). It is more oriented on note-taking and aims to help myself build a nice knowledge base (or ramdom things) that can scale with time. Another inspiration that I applied from is Johngrib's wiki (https://github.com/johngrib/johngrib-jekyll-skeleton) 

**Demo is here: [kimbariri.github.io](https://kimbariri.github.io)**

For the reference that I got from notenote.link' template, look at [arboretum.link](https://www.arboretum.link/). Build time is approx. 15 seconds, FYI.


![screenshot](/assets/img/screenshot.png)

## What is different?

- Markdown is fully-compatible with Obsidian (including Latex delimiters!)
- There are now only notes (no blog posts).
- There are cosmetic changes (ADHD-friendly code highlighting, larger font, larger page)
- Code is now correctly indented
- Wikilinks, but also alt-text wikilinks (with transclusion!) are usable.

## How do I use this?

Another inspiration from Meewgumi's template is here (https://megu.space/) For further explanation, refer to Meewgumi's guide here (https://garden.megu.space/)

Follow the [How to setup this site](https://notenote.link/notes/how-to-setup-this-site) guide, written by [raghuveerdotnet](https://github.com/raghuveerdotnet) and then adapted for this fork.

Commit message:

Cleanup stuff for public product live

README.md, after:


## What is this?

A digital garden using a custom version of `simply-jekyll`, notenote.link's template, meewgumi's greenweb template, and optimised for integration with [Obsidian](https://obsidian.md). It is more oriented on note-taking and aims to help myself build a nice knowledge base (or ramdom things) that can scale with time. Another inspiration that I applied from is Johngrib's wiki (https://github.com/johngrib/johngrib-jekyll-skeleton) 

**The live version is here: [kimbariri.github.io](https://kimbariri.github.io)**

![screenshot](/assets/img/screenshot.png)

## What is different?

- Markdown is fully-compatible with Obsidian (including Latex delimiters!)
- Code is now correctly indented

## How do I use this?

Another inspiration from Meewgumi's template is here (https://megu.space/) For further explanation, refer to Meewgumi's guide here (https://garden.megu.space/)

Follow the [How to setup this site](https://notenote.link/notes/how-to-setup-this-site) guide, written by [raghuveerdotnet](https://github.com/raghuveerdotnet) if you need some guides about setup your jekyll site with github.

## More inspirations & references
- [arboretum.link](https://www.arboretum.link/).
