_notes/about this page.md, before:

---
title: About this page
category: Introduction
tags: CMS, personal, digital garden
---

### Welcome!
This is my first note of this website. This website is based from [Obsidian](https://help.obsidian.md/How+to/Internal+link) and Megumi's [Green Template](https://github.com/meewgumi/green-web-template). 

In terms of the conceptual structure, This spouting experience is heavily inspired by [Maggie's Digital Gardening Project](https://github.com/MaggieAppleton/digital-gardeners) and 기계인간 Machinery Human's [Wiki Notes](https://johngrib.github.io/wiki/my-wiki/). 

This website is currently being hosted on Github. The reason is that: 

1. I am a lazy arse who even don't want to bother to check extra deployment push to another service. That is why. 
2. As I am actively pushing my updates to my own github, it just makes sense to deploy directly to Github. 
3. I couldn't find any valid reason to deploy through **Netflify** or **Vercel**. I may consider it in future- I don't know. This whole **Obsidian** syncing to **Jekyll** thing is very experimental to me. 

Originally, I was publishing my personal website with the Gatsby integrating with WordPress on headless CMS way. However, figuring out how incorporate the Gatsby way with WP API was too much hustles. If this was required by my work, I will do it (well because I am paid for it). For the personal website? That's too much. The consistent updates and checking the dependencies on node & npm version was exhausting me out as well. 

# Next Milestone is...
- [WIP] Start migrating css to scss format
- [WIP] Add 2nd post
- [ ] Start migrating all js within html pages and markdowns within organised folder structures
- [ ] Configure the Obsidian redirect link into based on the folder structure
- [ ] Adding Search Option
- [ ] Figuring out the Wiki stacks within this website
- [ ] Add a comments plugin (Disqus)
- [ ] Install a remote theme
- [ ] Learn how to add gists to the posts
- [ ] Add reading time to posts
- [ ] Install a plugin to speed up post creation (jekyll-compose)
- [ ] Try out the static comments option
- [ ] Implementing Google Analytics, AdSense, Adobe Cloud for personal research interest. (I mean, I have a career at this field so it will happen as a case study.)

Commit message:

Updating the todo list and the some paragraphs on about this page.

_notes/about this page.md, after:

---
title: About this page
category: Introduction
tags: CMS, personal, digital garden
---

### Welcome!
This is my first note of this website. This website is based from [Obsidian](https://help.obsidian.md/How+to/Internal+link) and Megumi's [Green Template](https://github.com/meewgumi/green-web-template). 

In terms of the conceptual structure, This spouting experience is heavily inspired by [Maggie's Digital Gardening Project](https://github.com/MaggieAppleton/digital-gardeners) and 기계인간 Machinery Human's [My Wiki with Vim](https://johngrib.github.io/wiki/my-wiki/). 

This website is currently being hosted on Github. The reason is that: 

1. I am a lazy arse who even don't want to bother to check extra deployment push to another service. That is why. 
2. As I am actively pushing my updates to my own github, it just makes sense to deploy directly to Github. 
3. I couldn't find any valid reason to deploy through **Netflify** or **Vercel**. I may consider it in future- I don't know. This whole **Obsidian** syncing to **Jekyll** thing is very experimental to me. 

Originally, I was publishing my personal website with the Gatsby integrating with WordPress on headless CMS way. However, figuring out how incorporate the Gatsby way with WP API was too much hustles. If this was required by my work, I will do it (well because I am paid for it). For the personal website? That's too much. The consistent updates and checking the dependencies on node & npm version was exhausting me out as well. 

# Next Milestone is...
- [WIP] Start migrating css to scss format
- [WIP] Add 2nd post
- [ ] Start migrating all js within html pages and markdowns within organised folder structures
- [ ] Configure the Obsidian redirect link into based on the folder structure
- [ ] Adding Search Option
- [ ] Figuring out the Wiki stacks within this website
- [ ] Add a comments plugin (Disqus)
- [ ] Install a remote theme
- [ ] Learn how to add gists to the posts
- [ ] Add reading time to posts
- [ ] Install a plugin to speed up post creation (jekyll-compose)
- [ ] Try out the static comments option
- [ ] Implementing Google Analytics, AdSense, Adobe Cloud for personal research interest. (I mean, I have a career at this field so it will happen for experimental case studies.)
- [ ] Building(or Setup if I can find the project repo) a TypeScript NPM to integrate Grammarly API with Obsidian


** Do not bloody nip-picky about the broken grammar and wordings. I am on dyslexia/dyspraxia spectrum.
